Remove/Update version strings from docs links (#14476)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/using-on-mac-vs.md

See the [Prerequisites for .NET Core on Mac](../macos-prerequisites.md) topic.

> Check the [.NET Core Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/mac/net-core-support) guide to ensure you're using a supported version of .NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [.NET Core Support](visualstudio/mac/net-core-support) article to ensure you're using a supported version of .NET Core.
```
